# New-sufficiency-and-necessity-measures-for-model-building-with-Coincidence-Analysis

This repository contains supplementary materials for the research paper "New sufficiency and necessity measures for model building with Coincidence Analysis". It includes materials to replicate all examples and simulation experiments presented in this paper. Furthermore, the script Instructions.R provides easy-to-follow instructions for CNA users, including those with limited R programming experience, to install and use the development version of the cna package which allows to run the cna algorithm with the new model-building measures presented in the paper.

The script "replication.R" contains code to replicate the examples and simulation experiments presented in the paper. Running this script requires the files "AuxFuncs.R", "cna_3.5.3.4.tar.gz", and "score_defs.R". As replicating the entire data simulation and data analysis of the experiment, which happens on lines 62-249 of the "replication.R" script, is very computationally demanding and time-consuming, readers whose main interest is to study the outcomes of the simulation experiment in detail are advised to skip these lines in the script. They can use the command "scoreboards.per.defscore <- readRDS("scoreboards.per.defscore.RData")" to access the results of the experiment and run the lines 250-319 to regenerate the plots presented in the paper. The files "data_cs_1000.RData" and "frscores.per.definition.RData" contain the simulated datasets used in the experiment and results of CNA analyses on those datasets, respectively.
